Use new central repo for viz (#4)
snowplow/snowplow-ecommerce-tracking-accelerator: content/visualization/visualization_1.md

[bigquery]
project_id = "xxx"
dataset = "dbt_xxx_derived"
```
#### **Step 4:** Run the Streamlit dashboard
Run the command below to run the streamlit locally

```bash
streamlit run Dashboard.py
```

> The dashboard contains a selection of common ecommerce visualizations including shopping behavior, top abandoned products, product list performance and checkout abandonment. This is a great starting point to build further analysis on top of. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dashboard contains a selection of common e-commerce visualizations including shopping behavior, top abandoned products, product list performance and checkout abandonment. This is a great starting point to build further analysis on top of. 
```

Changing for consistency
